README.md, before:

# Space Age Calculator

## See your age on other planets!, 11-13-2020

### Ben McFarland

See your age on all the other planets in the solara system!

## Setup/Installation Requirements

#### Using Terminal/Command Line:
* Open your machine's Terminal or Command line
* Using the Terminal/Command line, navigate to the location you would like this project
* Enter the command: `git clone https://github.com/harzulu/space-age-calculator.git`

#### Downloading from GitHub:
* Click the green "code" button to the top right
* Click "Download ZIP"
* Open the zip file in your downloads folder
* Move the folder "space-age-calculator" to your desired location

#### Opening the Project:
* **This project uses Node. Make sure your machine has Node installed. Follow the instructions here: `https://nodejs.org/en/` to install Node.**
* Once you have Node installed, navigate to the folder of this project ("space-age-calculator") through your terminal or command line.
* Run the command `npm install` to install all the required dependancies and libraries.
* **To open the project in your default browser:** 
* Run the command `npm run build`, then navigate to the "dist" folder. 
* Enter the command: `open index.html`

#### To View Live Project Online:
The live version is at this link:
[gh-pages_link]

## Known Bugs/Issues

There are no known bugs or issues.

## Support and Contact Details

* benrmcfarland@gmail.com

## Specs

| *Test* | *Input* | *Output* |
|:---:| :---: | :---: |
| Takes user's age in as input (console.log(name) to show javascript got the user's name) | 19 | *console:* '19' |
| Constructs the Calculator class saving the user's name | 19 | *Calculator class variable 'age'* = 19 |
| Returns the users age on Mercury | 19 | 79.16 |
| Returns the users age on Venus | 19 | 30.64 |
| Returns the users age on Mars | 19 | 10.10 |
| Returns the users age on Jupiter | 19 | 1.60 |
| Checks if users age is above or below 79 years (life expectancy) | 19 | false |
| Returns remaining years on Mercury | 79.16 | 250.00 |
| Returns remaining years on Venus | 30.64 | 96.77 |
| Returns remaining years on Mars | 10.10 | 31.92 |
| Returns remaining years on Jupiter | 1.60 | 5.06 |

## Technology Used

* Microsoft Visual Studio Code
* HTML
* CSS
* JavaScript
* jQuery
* Bootstrap

## Licenseing and Copyright

This project is licensed under the GPL license.

Copyright (c) 2020 Ben McFarland

Commit message:

Add spec to check if age is past life expectancy

README.md, after:

# Space Age Calculator

## See your age on other planets!, 11-13-2020

### Ben McFarland

See your age on all the other planets in the solara system!

## Setup/Installation Requirements

#### Using Terminal/Command Line:
* Open your machine's Terminal or Command line
* Using the Terminal/Command line, navigate to the location you would like this project
* Enter the command: `git clone https://github.com/harzulu/space-age-calculator.git`

#### Downloading from GitHub:
* Click the green "code" button to the top right
* Click "Download ZIP"
* Open the zip file in your downloads folder
* Move the folder "space-age-calculator" to your desired location

#### Opening the Project:
* **This project uses Node. Make sure your machine has Node installed. Follow the instructions here: `https://nodejs.org/en/` to install Node.**
* Once you have Node installed, navigate to the folder of this project ("space-age-calculator") through your terminal or command line.
* Run the command `npm install` to install all the required dependancies and libraries.
* **To open the project in your default browser:** 
* Run the command `npm run build`, then navigate to the "dist" folder. 
* Enter the command: `open index.html`

#### To View Live Project Online:
The live version is at this link:
[gh-pages_link]

## Known Bugs/Issues

There are no known bugs or issues.

## Support and Contact Details

* benrmcfarland@gmail.com

## Specs

| *Test* | *Input* | *Output* |
|:---:| :---: | :---: |
| Takes user's age in as input (console.log(name) to show javascript got the user's name) | 19 | *console:* '19' |
| Constructs the Calculator class saving the user's name | 19 | *Calculator class variable 'age'* = 19 |
| Returns the users age on Mercury | 19 | 79.16 |
| Returns the users age on Venus | 19 | 30.64 |
| Returns the users age on Mars | 19 | 10.10 |
| Returns the users age on Jupiter | 19 | 1.60 |
| Checks if users age is above or below 79 years (life expectancy) | 19 | false |
| Returns remaining years on Mercury | 79.16 | 250.00 |
| Returns remaining years on Venus | 30.64 | 96.77 |
| Returns remaining years on Mars | 10.10 | 31.92 |
| Returns remaining years on Jupiter | 1.60 | 5.06 |
| Tells the user how far past the life expectancy they are | 82 | *You are 3 years past your life expectancy!* |

## Technology Used

* Microsoft Visual Studio Code
* HTML
* CSS
* JavaScript
* jQuery
* Bootstrap

## Licenseing and Copyright

This project is licensed under the GPL license.

Copyright (c) 2020 Ben McFarland
